# Nguyen

Annie is kind. She usually helps me. She has been helping me since my grandmother passed away and she is still helping me now. However, she has gone to Wisconsin, USA. She left Vietnam last 8 years. She will come back next month. I miss her a lot.

Are you a student? Yes, I'm a student. I'm studying English at OUTEREF I have been studying English here for 3 months and I'll study for 9 more months to get my CPE. I can speak English to my boss now. I'm also going to the Open University in the morning; I'm talking about Software Engineering. I'll graduate next year.

He's a student even though he doesn't go to school. He can learn by himself because he is very intelligent. He's learning French now and he will learn Spanish next year. He always practices speaking French with his friends whenever they have free time. Although he is fairly busy, he often does homework. He told me he was trying to learn French and Spanish so that he could go overseas to study.

I'm a student. I' studying programming at FPT University in Ho Chi Minh City. I will get my BA in Software Engineer next year. I've been learning Japanese for 3 months. When I was living in Ca Mau, I met a Japanese engineer; he was very nice; he told me that he would come back to Vietnam to set up a company; he said he would hire me to work for his company. He has gone back to Japan but he'll return here in December next year. By the time he comes back, I will have been able to speak Japanese.

My brother Tin is a Business analyst. He can share his experience about his business. He can use a lot of terms in the Banking System to describe a solution to a developer. He is able to communicate with the business user or the client that uses the application. He can't speak French but his English is marvelous. He can speak English fluently. He's allowed by his wife to go drinking with customers. Because his wife is also a Business Analyst, and she knows that this job needs to have a strong relationship with colleagues and customers. However, he is not allowed to go drinking past 11.59 PM.